A beat is
yeah like a tempo of a song okay it's like
when you get the beat like the when the
note gets hit harder is stronger harder
part so when you're working with um
language it's going to be the syllable
that gets a
beat and how can we tell in language
like you know with music you can tell if
it's louder what about with language how
can you tell it has be like somebody
tell me what's your guess in this first
line what's the first syllable that has
a beat to
it what's the first
syllable that seems stronger than any
others is it
Through? is it
the? is it
up? is it
er? is it and? what's your
guess [maybe upper] up yeah just one syllable so
up up is stronger now Through has a little
bit of a beat I heard some people
nodding their head when they heard
Through but what we're looking for we're
not just looking for emphasis we're
looking for the stronger emphasis so
through the up clearly the up is
stronger than the through right so
Through the upper and lower worlds, body
and soul, what's the next one after up
and soul what's the next one after up
that gets a beat?